Services

    Personalized Service at an Affordable Rate

        Bakery Builds only charges 10% of the total budget as a service fee to build and optimize your PC, while others will charge you a flat fee of at least $200 just for assembly. 
        We'll also livestream your build on twitch.tv so you can watch your pc get built live!

    Full Build Optimization

        After completing your build, our team will install your operating system, factory overclock your RAM, and walk you through setup tasks when you login for the first time.
        Additional tech support is also available for purchase at $30/hour (first hour of tech support is complimentary).

    Custom Built for Your Specific Needs

        Whether you're looking for a rig optimized for gaming, streaming, content creation, or doing your 9-5 job faster than your corporate laptop, we can build the PC perfect for you.
        During a free consultation, our team will work with you to learn your needs, choose the best parts for your needs, and determine a budget that won't break the bank.

Contact
    
    Contact Us
        Interested in commissioning a build? Submit a form and we'll get back to you within the next business day! If you're not sure what type of PC you need, what your budget is, or what the process of commissioning a build is like, send us a message and we'll be happy to answer any of your questions.



Client Stories


Who are we?

    When the pandemic hit, many of Joey's friends and family found themselves needing a custom build for work, gaming, streaming, or just doing their 9 to 5 job. Building a computer from scratch without any experience seemed scary and ordering a pre-built computer was overpriced and lacked authenticity. Fortunately for them, Joey had been building computers since 2019 and was happy to help.	
    As word of Joey's work spread, it became clear that his services needed better structure. Donut Tech is the culmination of that structure and exists to help Joey better serve those looking for a pc that meets their unique needs and stays under  budget.

Blog